Add description to readme, improve throwing exceptions (#33)
yiisoft/widget: README.md

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/yiisoft" target="_blank">

>         <img src="https://yiisoft.github.io/docs/images/yii_logo.svg" height="126px">

Reviewer: In [package template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yiisoft/package-template/master/README.md) height is `100px`.
Why 126px ?

Author: I'll return it now. I looked in the config package, there is for some reason 126px :)

The package could be installed via composer:

```shell
composer require yiisoft/widget --prefer-dist
```

## General usage

In order to implement your own widget, you need to create a class that extends the abstract class
`Yiisoft\Widget\Widget`. If it is a regular widget, it is enough to implement `run()` method.

```php
final class MyWidget extends \Yiisoft\Widget\Widget
{
    protected function run(): string
    {
        return 'My first widget.'.
    }
}
```

To get the string "My first widget." in the view, just call the `widget()` method, inside which the
`Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory` will create an instance of the `MyWidget`, and when converting the object
to a string, the declared `run()` method will be called.

```php
<?= MyWidget::widget() ?>
```

The `Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory` factory uses a [PSR-11 Container](https://github.com/php-fig/container)
instance to create widget objects, so you can accept dependencies in your widget's constructor. To initialize
the widget factory call `WidgetFactory::initialize()` before using the widget.

```php
/**
 * @var \Psr\Container\ContainerInterface $container
 */

\Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory::initialize($container);
```

> It is a good idea to do that for the whole application. See Yii example in the configuration file of this

Reviewer: Need note about initialize factory only once.

package [`config/providers.php`](https://github.com/yiisoft/widget/blob/master/config/providers.php).

### Configuring the widget

You can configure the widget when creating its instance, for example,
the widget class must accept some ID when initializing the object.

```php
final class MyWidget extends \Yiisoft\Widget\Widget
{
    private string $id;

    public function __construct(string $id)
    {
        $this->id = $id;
    }

    protected function run(): string
    {
        return $this->id;
    }
}
```

To set a value for the ID, you can pass it in the configuration array to the `widget()` method:

```php
<?= MyWidget::widget([
    '__construct()' => [
        'id' => 'value',
    ],
]) ?>
```

For a description of the configuration syntax, see the [yiisoft/factory](https://github.com/yiisoft/factory)
package documentation.

### Widget for capturing content

> Some widgets can take a block of content which should be enclosed between the invocation of `begin()` and `and()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some widgets can take a block of content which should be enclosed between the invocation of `begin()` and `end()`
```

[![static analysis](https://github.com/yiisoft/widget/workflows/static%20analysis/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yiisoft/widget/actions?query=workflow%3A%22static+analysis%22)
[![type-coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/widget/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/widget)

Widgets are reusable building blocks used to create complex and configurable
user interface elements in an object-oriented fashion.

This package provides an abstract class and a factory for creating widgets,
ready-made widgets are provided in the [yiisoft/yii-widgets](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-widgets) package.

## Installation

The package could be installed via composer:

```shell
composer require yiisoft/widget --prefer-dist
```

## General usage

In order to implement your own widget, you need to create a class that extends the abstract class

> `Yiisoft\Widget\Widget`. If it is a regular widget, it is enough to implement `run()` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Yiisoft\Widget\Widget`. In most cases it is enough to implement `run()` method.
```

```php
final class MyWidget extends \Yiisoft\Widget\Widget
{
    protected function run(): string
    {
        return 'My first widget.'.
    }
}
```

> To get the string "My first widget." in the view, just call the `widget()` method, inside which the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the string "My first widget." in the view, call the `widget()` method.
```

`Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory` will create an instance of the `MyWidget`, and when converting the object
to a string, the declared `run()` method will be called.

```php
<?= MyWidget::widget() ?>
```

The `Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory` factory uses a [PSR-11 Container](https://github.com/php-fig/container)
instance to create widget objects, so you can accept dependencies in your widget's constructor. To initialize

> the widget factory call `WidgetFactory::initialize()` before using the widget.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the widget factory call `WidgetFactory::initialize()` once before using widgets.
```

```php
/**
 * @var \Psr\Container\ContainerInterface $container
 */

\Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory::initialize($container);
```

> The factory initialization must be performed only once. It is a good idea to do that for the whole application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is a good idea to do that for the whole application.
```

### Configuring the widget

You can configure the widget when creating its instance, for example,
the widget class must accept some ID when initializing the object.

```php
final class MyWidget extends \Yiisoft\Widget\Widget
{
    private string $id;

    public function __construct(string $id)
    {
        $this->id = $id;
    }

    protected function run(): string
    {
        return $this->id;
    }
}
```

To set a value for the ID, you can pass it in the configuration array to the `widget()` method:

```php
<?= MyWidget::widget([
    '__construct()' => [
        'id' => 'value',
    ],
]) ?>
```

For a description of the configuration syntax, see the [yiisoft/factory](https://github.com/yiisoft/factory)
package documentation.

### Widget for capturing content

Some widgets can take a block of content which should be enclosed between the invocation of `begin()` and `end()`
methods. These are wrapping widgets that mimic opening and closing HTML tags that wrap some content.
They are used a bit differently:

```php
<?= MyWidget::widget()->begin() ?>
    Content
<?= MyWidget::end() ?>
```

> For your widget to do this, you need override the parent `begin()` method and don't forget to call `parent::begin()`.
> For example like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For your widget to do this, you need override the parent `begin()` method and don't forget to call `parent::begin()`:
```

```php
final class MyWidget extends \Yiisoft\Widget\Widget
{
    public function begin(): ?string
    {
        parent::begin();
        ob_start();
        ob_implicit_flush(false);
        return null;
    }

    protected function run(): string
    {
        return (string) ob_get_clean();
    }
}
```

The package ensures that all widgets are properly opened, closed and nested. For a description of all the methods that

> can be overridden, see the [`Yiisoft\Widget\Widget`](https://github.com/yiisoft/widget/blob/master/src/Widget.php) class.

Reviewer 2: We've already described `begin()` and `run()`. There are only `beforeRun()` and `afterRun()` left. Worth describing these in the readme as well rather than sending reader to the code.
